hi I'm Amy and since Ricky and her big
brother Eli who once again are enjoying
their nyla phones and welcome to reap 14
of grown-up gaya this should be a very
exciting episode for you guys we're
going to talk about traveling with your
guide dog pub we took Ricky on a trip
down to Southern California for the very
first time so we head up a lot of places
while we were down there we took walks
around Hollywood Boulevard and got to
see a lot of stars on the Walk of Fame
we ended up running into Jack Sparrow
and Marilyn Monroe and even Darth Vader
go figure you never know who you're
going to see in Hollywood we visited the
Chinese Theatre where we walked around
checked out all the hand footprints of
the stars and Ricky made some fans of
her own there was a little boy who
wanted to pet her and she did very well
with that she enjoyed the attention some
important things to remember when
traveling with a guide dog puppies to
bring comfort items for favorite toys a
blanket of hers that she likes to lay on
for food bowls plenty of food anything
that she would need for the entire trip
to keep her happy and busy so as we've
mentioned in the past Ricky's the 10th
puppy that we have raised and she's the
third dog that we've actually traveled
with and proved to be an amazing puppy
she's also the youngest puppy that we've
traveled with we traveled with maclin
who you guys met in week eight and we
did take him to Disneyland and I also
took him to Las Vegas and another dog
that we traveled with who you have not
met is our little fruity who was puppy
number 8 and I did a similar trip with
her but she was about 14 months old and
we went down to LA also with her and
proved to be a pretty amazing puppy
Ricky did fantastic she didn't have a
single potty accident she went to the
bathroom basically where I have picked
out for her and went every time we had
some problems with Prudie and maclin in
fact where they didn't like where I
picked for them to go to the bathroom it
was kind of difficult to get them to go
because it wasn't the normal routine and
it wasn't the normal place Ricky turned
out to be fantastic at this she hold it
for as long as she could and give me
little signals that she had to go when I
was buying an appropriate place for her
go to the bathroom and she went no
accidents no problems it was wonderful
traveling with her we even went over to
citywalk where we've described some flat
ones that came up from the ground Ricky
was intrigued by these and we took this
opportunity it was warm out and she had
been working for a while she was let her
have a little bit of fun and cool off in
the fountains little did we know that
she would actually try bitin at the
water as they popped up from the ground
it was very cute quite funny and she
kind of enjoyed herself so it was a nice
break for her from working she
definitely showed us that she is a water
dog at heart and she's proved to be a
combination of both being a golden
retriever and a Labrador both breeds
that love water we finished up our time
down in the Hollywood area with catching
the tonight show and even go into the
Grove where many famous people shop
that's all the time we have for now so
join me next week for week 15 when we
continue to show you footage from our
Southern California trip thanks for
watching I'll see you next time
you